[DOCS] Update attributes and text references that mention Endpoint Security integration (#2059)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/trusted-apps.asciidoc

[chapter, role="xpack"]
= Trusted applications

> You can add Windows, macOS, and Linux applications that should be trusted. By adding these trusted applications, you can use {elastic-sec} without compatibility or performance issues with other installed applications on your system. Trusted applications are applied only to hosts running {endpoint-cloud-sec}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Windows, macOS, and Linux applications that should be trusted. By adding these trusted applications, you can use {elastic-sec} without compatibility or performance issues with other installed applications on your system. Trusted applications apply only to hosts running {endpoint-cloud-sec}.
```
